Update 670.txt (#932)
Bittu5134/ORV-Reader: chapters/cont/670.txt

<title>670 Episode 21 Kim Dokja (6)
A shadow lingered across the swirling Great Hall.

> <!>[The constellation 'Bald Commander' wipes his head in astonishment.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!>[The constellation 'Bald Commander of justice' wipes his head in astonishment.]
```
